it's me Madison and today we are doing a
review on the Bella
eyes gel powder eyeshadows by Milani but
not even mine so there is Derby in the
collection and we only got 28 and yes
we're going to get the other two so
we're going to show you some swatches
right here
oh now let's get on with the makeup now
and get to the makeup lip so I'm gonna
get the nigga jumbo pencil in milk my
favorite so yeah focus so it's applies
to my eyes and we're using this other
primer
elack doing right now
so now it's blended
so now I'm going to get the Milani and
Bella Bella pink and I'm gonna get this
brush by Coastal Scents okay it's just a
smaller brush see ya
I'm trying to go out
and so now I'm going to get this brush
and I'm going to get the Milani and
Bella Road route
so now that I got some on my brush I'm
going to apply it to the lid and kind of
layer it
so after that I'm gonna go in with you
Milani
and Bella purple with facing my brush
you put it right
now we're going to get a blending color
which the color is Bella cappuccino
amazing I'm blinding bread we'll blend
it on the top look in the crease
so that's called the completed I hope
you enjoyed this makeup look and make
sure to check out the Milani eyeshadows
see you next time on Miss clipper 12 ah